Yes I can cut my bangs too much to Iyo Chinaumi
Is possible
Oh
Seeing this Suzuki Suzuki during this time
I've put out a video, but I say that it's delicious and I'm going on next time and I'm going to go and I'm going to be a pup Minachan
Name
I'm happy Boonchan
You mean that you are not the best boo- boi-choi-choi
If you do the Pokémon Go 1st lottery , it will be over
1 and I have done I think I have done in the love Pokemon
Well what data items But I'm a mean minus 2 times to this street is this Hahhai sauce
A product that has only been stored is called f short h prize
I think why and Tan
The most hope Matsunaga Akiragane Pikachu cushion eyes shame
it was a b Award Gane also I type mega evolution of Pokemon figure of N Megashinka
Not what Kawakan But I'm it was I messed up delicious in Figure Set
It is not
Hey there Real
The cat 's f prize is up to three
Ah ah ah ah ah ah
What this is absolute ah
Goodbye
The opponent f prize multi system
Well I 've seen it completely, even in the middle of it completely dsa please
Do it by feeling
Charlize Reiner messy series rare mud patties Shou No Noon
The
Haiii'm good at something like
That name the new relationship I thought it can be said that tomorrow in the individual 0 What You're xy flow Pokemon ball
I will round it
Well only cool but eyes only woman like a swim this kind of
Only the eyes are red and the key is good I bought the appearance of lame I bought this I Leyran
I think that there is a preemption
Number dividing N'iya from being said in yourself
Oh, if riding chanting pin Chong circle after noon
New Year
Good, but first time here are you a 4
Multi-case and this Well not a decent Hey as a barrel Well one-shot eyes of h length
Something
It's nice too The towel was cool too Yes it's possible If it starts possible, make the first lottery
It was a video that I tried
If you work hard 500 channel registration thank you I will say about this
Who
We wish best regards who follow
See you next time on my video next time
Coping What absolute admission share level vision c
Let's get bye bye
Good